# schedule-and-sanitation
The schedule and the sanitation namagement is done here using paper work. The problem here remains in how the schedule is and the test result of the wash operation are done. The workers complains most of the time coming down stairs to the info board to see shift schedule or to let the their  supervisors know their availability in the coming week.The schedule is sometime directly updated but in most of the case the supervisor ask the the worker who want to change his schedule to seek himself the replacing co-worker for the time or the day of his absence.Most of the time it is difficult to find the person replacing quickly.The difficulty to find a person is not due to the people who want to do that overtime but it is because all coworker were not informed about the available ovitime.The proble is almost the same for the sanitation who controle the part of the installations on different production-line or room. After the wash of a room, one of the worker in that room must go to the sanitaion's office who come to take the sample of the washed parts and go to check them following the predefined quality standards and communitcate the result of the checking to the corresponding production-line.This result can take to form:"test pass" and "test failed". For the result "test pass", the worker of the corresponding production's line can go home. For the result "test failed",the part(s) on which the test failed is/are notified to the worker on this line who are requested to stay and re-wash the corresponding  part(s) and the sanittion controller is recalled after the rewash to come and retake the sample and re-chek if the test pass, the result will be comunicate to workers on the corresponding line.The problem for the worker is to go to the sanitation office to get the result of the test, which can be communicated through this application.Through this app, the worker who need to change his schedule with anyone of the company can publish his schedule and so any one who want to like to exchange or to make overtime can make the choice.The worker also can access the result of the sanitation about their washing operation through this aplication, so that the time to move to the sanitation office can be saved. In addition to that the weekly published schedule and updates can be available online for everybody anywhere.
What are the functionality of this app?
- User authentification(registration, login, logout):The worker can access the infos throu this app by registering  and login himself.
- user switch or offer his schedule or shift with others.
- User can take the offered schedule and confirm it 
- User can remove his offered schedule or the offered schedule is removed if this was taken by someone.
For the sanitation part. 
- The sanitation controller can update the list of the intallation's parts in the in each production-line(add, remove, edit list)
- The sanitation can update the production-line status(washing-running, down for wash,  passed/failed the test) and the worker can access the status of their line anytime everywhere.
Technologies:
Java, Spring Boot,Thymeleaf css, html, Bootstrap Javascript 

What I'll Have to Learn? 
...
 
